DOC-3867: 4.8.6 CorDapp tutorial bugs (#559)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/tutorials/corda/4.8/os/build-basic-cordapp/basic-cordapp-state.md

The easiest way to write any CorDapp is to start from a template. This ensures that you have the correct files to begin building.

1. Clone the [Java template repository](https://github.com/corda/cordapp-template-java).

2. Open a terminal window in the directory where you want to download the CorDapp template.

> 3. Run the following command:

Author: > Instructions for clone either the kotlin or java version but then the tutorial code is only in Java
From [the ticket](https://r3-cev.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-3867) -> I've chosen to take out the kotlin to reflect this

Reviewer: Please do not remove link to the Kotlin repo. It's essential that users have access to the Kotlin code. Instead, add a not saying that the following tutorial is for Java only.

   {{< /tabs >}}

4. After you clone the CorDapp template, open the `cordapp-template-kotlin` or `cordapp-template-java` in [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/).
If you don't know how to open a CorDapp in IntelliJ, see the documentation on [Running a sample CorDapp](../../../../../platform/corda/4.8/open-source/tutorial-cordapp.html#step-2-open-the-sample-cordapp-in-intellij-idea).

> 5. [Rename the package](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/rename-refactorings.html#rename_package) to `tutorial`. This changes all instances of the `template` package in the project to `tutorial`. At the dropdown menu that appears, choose 'Rename module'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Rename the package](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/rename-refactorings.html#rename_package) to `tutorial`. This changes all instances of the `template` package in the project to `tutorial`. In the drop-down menu that appears, select **Rename module**.
```
